dbt Cloud and Microsoft Fabric quickstart (#4474)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/02-Nov-2023/microsoft-fabric-support-rn.md

---
title: "New: Public Preview of Microsoft Fabric support in dbt Cloud"
description: "November 2023: Public Preview now available for Microsoft Fabric in dbt Cloud"
sidebar_label: "New: Public Preview of Microsoft Fabric support"
sidebar_position: 09
tags: [Nov-2023]
---

Public Preview is now available in dbt Cloud for Microsoft Fabric! 

> To learn more, check out the [Quickstart for dbt Cloud and Microsoft Fabric](/guides/microsoft-fabric?step=1) to learn more. The guide walks you through: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, check out the [Quickstart for dbt Cloud and Microsoft Fabric](/guides/microsoft-fabric?step=1). The guide walks you through: 
```

- Loading the Jaffle Shop sample data (provided by dbt Labs) into your Microsoft Fabric warehouse. 
- Connecting dbt Cloud to Microsoft Fabric.

> - Taking a sample query and turn it into a model in your dbt project. A model in dbt is a select statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Turning a sample query into a model in your dbt project. A model in dbt is a SELECT statement.
```
